this video is a recording on one of my
coaching calls from inside of client
Ascension if you don't know who I am my
name is Daniel Fazzio I'm the co-founder
of list kit which is a software company
in client Ascension which is a coaching
company for agency owners and B2B
businesses we just did
$642,000 in cash collected in July so if
you make less money than that you might
get some usefulness out of this video go
subscribe and then I'll start the video
now you can watch sure what's up dude
Dan I got uh got a question for you I
know the slinging deals thing
uh from the the offer section really I
loved that it got me really motivated uh
but as we've crafted our offer a little
bit we thought okay we'll just stick
with that a little bit more but frankly
our my agency is struggling a little bit
we're we're still pretty new to uh the
whole lead gen thing we we do cold Vil
um lead gen and with the deliverability
issues and everything it's it's taking a
big hit and we're just simply not
getting great results and we there's a
million things we could be doing better
um but I just wanted to think I wanted
to get your opinion and if you think
this is the best decision for us we are
thinking about going back to Simply
working for free again for a little bit
just to test what actually we can get
results for
um right I don't know what you think
so the the problem so you you what
you're gonna that's not going to solve
the problem it's G to make the problem
works like you just need to get better
at Cold email like cold email is a tech
game and you need to learn and start
attending on I don't know like like Matt
gelle he has um he has a call I think
and he does it for list kit I think he
and he just talks about deliverability
so it's like if you talk to literally
anybody running a a semi large cold
email agency at
all a lot of their time is spent just
text stuff and like Nick Abraham has a
call every week here so does so does
Matt luer who who are all very competent
around deliverability and what to do
with the inboxes and what to do with the
domains and you just need to actually
become competent at the thing like you
just need to get better at Cold email
like you just need think part of it I
think part of it is simply the offer um
that our clients are working with we
we've been working with Staffing and
recruiting agencies and for us we have
been getting last month we got seven
meetings booked from less than two ,000
leads which is pretty good um but the
problem is we did we sent double that
for our clients and got between zero and
two so their offer is just simply not as
good as ours is that's what we're
looking at it's like okay well we could
talk to the client and have them change
the offer but you know they're not gonna
be super happy with that I just it's
their their offer is just not as
attractive because they're trying to you
know get a
20% uh of the first year salary on a
lawyer from some small law firm in the
middle of nowhere it's just not
attractive um yeah that's thing I was
considering but I don't correct so you
you literally just have to deny working
with those clients and only work with
clients who have better
office that's like literally what you
just have to do so it's you know it's
the same thing with ads so I'll put it
to you like this
um we I I
I so I have to the the the way throttle
ads is like like you could just put more
friction on the funnel like you can put
like on a tip form you can
just put more questions or just deny
more people so like for instance I have
to if someone if someone has on the
question they put that they
make less than $3,000 per month but they
say they can pay $2,000 I put even
another question that says because we
had a problem with people coming in and
they're like just like oh I just want to
learn more on the call so I was like no
no no we're not [__] doing that so
like I I put another thing there that
said you're going to pay $2,000 on this
call are you ready to pay two thou and
this only this this only happens if they
put that they they make less than 3,000
I say you're going to pay $2,000 on this
call are you 100% ready to do that if
they select no just say okay well go
watch like if you want to learn more and
just like go on the call and see how it
works just go watch the video I just I
just end it right so I'm I'm just I'm
I'm throttling so like yes while you
might get seven calls booked off of
2,000 leads for your own
campaigns it might be that like five of
those people have bad offers and only
two people have a good
offer so like so I'll put it to you like
this when when when you're with and this
you only do this when you're like really
big you start to get like like many
calls per day is you have to at a
certain point you have to separate out
that you have two sales teams you have
the cter team and you have the the
closing
team and the Setters just weed out the
garbage from the closers because there
there's just so much garbage there there
really there's there's like 10 times
more garbage than there is good leads so
you need to like manually sift through
these [__] like it's it's a colossal
pain in the ass and it's it's like it's
like literally half of the work is just
sifting through the shitty leads and the
idiots sense what what you're doing is
you're you're booking these people in
you're not even looking at their
website and you're just like oh [__] it
like yeah I'll get I'll get that like I
I'll work with that and you know what a
good offer is like you do
like and I mean even even if you get him
on the
call like you it and you learn from your
mistakes now you know that a recruiting
company who's going to charge this
amount up front and just like even just
a recruiting company at all isn't really
the best thing it's more offshore Talent
companies work better I know now I know
now yeah no no that's what I'm saying
you know
now so like what now what would have
happened is like if you had asked me hey
I have this client it's a recruiting
should I take them and this is how they
charge it big no it's just not a good
offer now but it so happened that you
didn't ask me for that exact kind of
client but you're it's the beginning for
you so you don't really know you don't
know what offers are good or in in in
what or not the hard part is too like in
April uh we just crushed it in
April we
booked six meetings in two weeks for the
client like right off the get-go we're
just getting started and then all of a
sudden everything with the
deliverability crisis just went to went
well yeah that that that could be that
could be that could be contributing it
towards it too now I mean that's like I
just like this is just a reality of life
and that's not that's not unique to cold
email literally yeah every single thing
always has it doesn't matter what kind
of marketing mechanism you're doing like
every single thing has a catastrophic
change once every like 18 months every
single thing does this so like for
instance one of them like like for
Facebook ads like that [__] was iOS 14
it completely [__] everything up and
everyone who was good became terrible
just like that like everything that they
ever did that they got made millions of
dollars from immediately stop it right
there yeah and then and then for like
e-commerce email marketing it was the
Apple click tracking
[__] like that that that's what did it
to that now the cold email this has
happened
twice right
and then and and then Google for Youtube
ads it was when you could stop targeting
you couldn't Target specific keywords or
or or specific channels or specific
videos anymore it was all automated you
can't do any of that anymore so there
there's every single thing has a
catastrophic change that whips
everything around and in the literal
sense shakes people out because they
cannot figure out how to make it work
anymore so you can either choose to be
one of the people who are shaken out or
you can be one of the people who
religiously talks to Nick Abraham Lori
who's in this call right now Matt jelle
um Matt Lucero and you go to their stuff
and you and and you see what they're
doing to fix their and you're doing
whatever test they're doing it's a whole
colossal [__] ton of work so so I want
you to imagine this like like this this
whole deliverability [__] changed up and
you had to what change [__] three
clients imagine [__] Nick Abraham
dude who has like know 190 active
[__] clients like this is like this
is like a whole ass like surprise yeah
you have no idea like how how much
[__] [__] you have to change like you
sit it's like literally I'm not even
kidding like 400 hours of work and you
need like three full-time people
cranking that [__] out for like a week
straight
it to just to change something that you
don't even know is going to work yet
it's just an experiment like let me try
to do this
instead you see what I mean like that's
just the game it it it dude I remember
you know what was [__] huge like two
weeks ago and it absolutely absolutely
cooked LinkedIn automation bro was crazy
it was crazy you could send like 300
connection messages a day no one was
doing it
cracked the whole thing companies
destroyed multi-million dollar companies
because they couldn't figure out how to
how to go onto the like how to maneuver
around it and but but now there's a
different kind of LinkedIn marketing
agency that that exists who make
millions of dollars in that way like
this this is just every single thing at
all and it always will be for everything
every single person here does forever
and always so you've just got to [__]
put your head down and figure the [__]
out like you just
do okay so really what I'm hearing is
three things one don't ever work with
sucky clients or clients with bad offers
and I already knew that two probably
switch uh my Niche who I'm targeting
because recruiters kind of suck um and
three just be
dynamic yeah so what I like to do what
we do for the list kit setup offer like
if I I made a document let me show it to
you actually and it would actually be
useful for a lot of people here who work
with clients
um it's a doc called cold email expected
results and I I I I embedded a loom on
it and it basically says like bad offers
one client for every 20,000 to 100,000
email average offer one client for every
5K to 20K grade offer one client for
every 1,000 to 5,000 and then I say what
makes a great offer so you need to have
case study social presence specific
claim and a
guarantee and then I I just say if you
have zero or one you have a bad offer if
you have two of four you have an average
offer if you have three of four you have
a great offer you have four of four you
have a a scalable company I say and then
I put like if you if you have two or
less it's just completely [__]
useless to do any marketing at all you
might as well just just shut the company
down if you're GNA like just only have
two
um so and then what I tell the
salespeople is like I I tell them to
show people that like they're like what
kind of results can I get well this is
how it
works and then we like that Lis kit just
has a broad no guarantee for the codo
setup offer yeah for your instance you
could have like a no you're a
performance basis so it actually doesn't
matter at all um what what what you can
tell someone is um if they only have two
variables I I'm going to put I'll put
this Doc in the chat too what you can
tell someone is hey you have like
looking at your stuff this how it works
this is the expected results you only
have two variables it's just too hard to
get your results so like I'm a
performance basis so I only get paid
when you get results but you're cut you
don't have this this is this so it's
like it's it's just too Capital
inefficient to get your results I'll
never profit working with you so if you
want to do
this while you don't have these results
I got to get a retain
here to do it and if if you can't agree
to that I totally understand like maybe
you want to wait to put this stuff in
here but you're just not going to get
results and it would be a complete waste
of my time and I'm going to lose
money and you've just got to understand
that that's gonna be like 70% of the
people you talk to like it just is for
sure I was on a call today with a guy
basically in that same boat they said
that um they their business is
completely flatlined and in the last
year they've
literally made zero sales zero sales in
the last year and there there's like 30
people who work at this company and uh
they want to implement cold email and
when I heard that I remembered that uh
some someone it might have actually been
you Daniel basically said like I cannot
be your savior with my lead strategy I'm
just gonna like add not gonna save your
company but I still thought like after
the call end I was like I don't want to
work with this guy he's poor he's not
GNA doesn't have a good offer uh the the
LTV is just too low for everybody I
bring him but maybe I should still take
them on at cost just to get
experience
okay okay no you you you profit on every
client you're supposed to profit on
every client you never lose money on a
client um yeah there's there's no point
like you're just that that's just
operating a scarcity mindset like it's
literally that's that's literally what
you're thinking like there's no other
leads I I just got to take this but like
for what for for for literally zero like
you're just losing time so you're losing
money like even at cost is losing money
you have time you're spending
time you're spending mental bandwidth
you're expending just all the little
micro decisions you need to make about
the guy like it's it you're losing money
when you do that just don't work with a
bad offer that there's just zero
situation where it works you just you
just blank it don't do
that then I guess the the action step
for for me then uh just kind of pivot
don't work with recruiters pivot to a
different industry or like maybe like a
broader leg gen for like multiple
different sectors
then you there's there's just so much
B2B stuff that gets results like there
was one guy one time he had a software
that helps like commercial
buildings um optimize energy and it
saves them like [__] tens of
thousands of dollars on energy bills and
that guy cooked he was here in cing
Ascension he like
yeah that's not like a
niche yeah work with I work with a SAS
companies who do commercial commercial
property energy optimiz like that's not
a niche like it's just B2B it's it's
just it's really not hard to know if
it's a good offer like you everyone here
knows if it's a good offer like a
recruiter who wants $220,000 up front
for like it it's it's not like you just
know it's not a niche like like you
can't pick that like it's just
B2B okay no that makes sense that makes
sense okay well I'll do
some what we can uh what we can come up
with so I appreciate
it and thanks for sharing that doc too
that uh I'm just looking at it that's
awesome yeah that that that that thing's
great because I I that was because that
was a
um that was a
like so that's not a performance offer
like the C set list kit is not a
performance offer it just
isn't um now so let me let me put it to
you guys like this the whole reason
why um a lot of you when you're when
you're small when you're a smaller
company are told to be a performance
basis or a guarantee is because it
increases conversion rates because
there's just a higher take rate on it
like more people are interested in
something with less risk like they would
they just take but so so why is that and
the reason why you were told to do that
is because traffic is
expensive like it just is so just give
you an idea of the economics of the list
kit setup offer we
pay
$2,000 to acquire somebody who pays
$22,000 on the phone call and then we
also have to pay the closer commission
which is like [__] $200 and then we
have to pay all the the hard cost of the
Fulfillment team which is like another
200 so it's like we're starting this
[__] off like negative $500 plus the
work and then all of the profit gets
made on the rec curring subscription on
the back end which isn't even that wide
of a
margin so why so
so that's how like the the we can afford
to do that like we're we're
literally buying that with like that's
the cost of not having a
guarantee you see that's what you have
to do
instead if you're not GNA have a
guarantee
like so like so like we're using money
and logistical ability to
buy not having a
guarantee that's what we're doing what
you guys are doing is is is because you
have the absence of logistical ability
and money even to buy traffic you
instead Buy deals with the stress of
having a performance-based guarantee in
your offer yep it's you're always paying
in some way you have to pay for it
somehow even even when even when someone
says yeah I don't have a I don't have a
cost to acquire a customer I do organic
it's
like your time is money you literally
are buying people like you you you are
buying traffic like what is your what is
what is your dollars per hour like if if
it's $200 per hour and you
spend five hours a day making content
you spending
a
thousand five times two you're spending
,000 a day that's literally what you're
doing like that is the cost of tra
you're always paying
somehow like it's so well this guy has
that and I like L kit doesn't have the
guarantee yeah because it's it's
purchased in a different
way like in an economic fashion that you
can't really afford when you're
only making like 10K 20K a month it's
just unreasonable like it's it's like a
it's like a turbo risk
thing oh that makes sense that makes
sense yeah the the best way it's
like like you really won't start growing
something until you like dissociate it
from yourself as like a job like you're
everyone everyone is thinking like
you're thinking of like the business
income it's like your personal income
and you do this and your time doesn't
have a cost to it you so I don't do
anything unless it can be hired out so
like I'll give you I give the the
literal [__]
only manual things I am required to do
me personally at
all in [__] everything is this call
and The Mastermind call at 11 a on
Wednesdays it's it's those are the only
two things in this entire operation
between list kit and Client Center that
I personally am required to do every
single other thing either is out
outsourced or is in the process of being
outsourced you see what I mean but
YouTube too but I don't even you see you
see what I mean it's every singular
thing I can have myself replaced with G
what's
up yo so this kind of tags along with
what you're were saying before um I
don't know if it's a question but I
wanted to hear your thoughts on this um
I guess like being on these calls for
like the past three four weeks and like
our our recorded call I feel like like
is it true that like getting to like
your first 10 20K is just a volume game
of just doing like the same [__] over
and over again because I the reason I'm
asking this question is because like
every time we get on a call when I ask
question or somebody ask a question you
kind of like dumb it down into like the
simplest form and it's like obviously
makes sense so the game when you're
first starting out literally just and as
one of my mentor P like puts a just a
[__] ton of volume just to get clients
even if it's not Niche down yes like
what I know it's not a
concete so so so I'll put it to you like
this if it it's a it's a super simple
calculation like it it really just
[__] is it's if if there is a
market with a demand for
something and you create an offer that
solves that that fulfills that demand or
so they have a problem like there is a
market that wants clients you have offer
that says this is a way to get clients
they buy
it if there if there is a problem
in mark person with
issue offer that solves issue put them
together it works 100% of the time it's
it it's like [__] physics like it
can't not work it 100% of the time works
it's if I'm hungry I purchase
food like you you've really got to think
of it like that like if if it isn't if
if no one is buying your [__] there is
actually no other reason besides you're
not hitting the correct
person or you're trying to solve a
problem that isn't like doesn't exist
like and you're not like you're it's
it's just these little combinations of
stuff where it's
like it it never doesn't work so like
I'll put it like if you were to
just let me dumb it down even simpler
like I let's say I come across a theory
like hey I think a good idea for Lis kit
would be to make a cold setup offer I
think we should do
that okay so so now so how am I going to
test this Theory I'm going to I'm going
to pick a page that says do you want to
get clients with a cold email system
we'll set it up for you throw some
benefits in
there right and then I make ads to a
market does the market book calls yes or
no like if the answer is yes then keep
going and if the answer is no pick a
different Market the answer is no
different Target it to someone else or
like or change the offer and you it's
it's literally just the those two
variables the market the offer and you
just like switch this one out switch
this one out switch this one out switch
this one out switch this this one out
and see which one pairs up like a puzzle
piece it literally can't not work it
works 100% of the time if you get the
combination correctly
do you have like any I don't know if I'm
like over analyzing this but when you
were starting out did you like have any
like framework or like did you just be
like I'm just over complicating because
we're lucky enough to have you as the
coaches right but I found myself yeah so
so so this is how it elapsed for me so
it it it it was really simple
so I bought like a [__] Ty Lopez
course and I was um um I I sold a
Facebook leg gen things to a couple
people but it didn't really work well it
didn't really get results so I can never
you can never like establish some like
like you know what I mean like it just
didn't really work
well and then yeah and then I saw these
one dudes posting on Instagram like
[__] Maserati whatever and oh we run
an agency I'm like well what does that
agency do and the agency got people
Instagram followers and then I just
figure out how to I just looked up
online how to get people Instagram
followers like here's all the methods i
l literally [__] how to get people
how to get followers on Instagram watch
every single video for like 10 hours
actually this is what I do every single
time I'm trying to learn something I
just go on YouTube [__] 10 hours 1.5
xpats everything so that's what I did
and then by the end of that One Singular
day I [__] knew everything all of it
I I knew every single method in every
single way to get people followers on
Instagram so then I copied the [__]
because it was already working for them
I copied their Niche I copied their
offer it's two puzzle pieces that fit
together it has to by Nature where it
can't not work for me there's no [__]
way this there it can't not be the case
that these guys sell this
offer and they're making money this
market and it makes money there's no way
it can't not work for me it's it's
physics like if if I have a glass with
water
and I tip it over it must fall out like
it has to so that's what I did when that
got destroyed by again now this go back
to what we were talking about earlier
Cory that business got destroyed by an
Instagram algorithm update whole thing
got
[__] just just one of those
catastrophic things it's like a [__]
asteroid coming to Earth and killing the
dinosaurs like it just happens with
businesses sometimes like there's
sometimes an asteroid it's like and you
just die and then you see what I mean um
and then and
then I figured well I just got all these
clients with cold email I literally just
manually writing cold emails to people
from Instagram clicking the email button
so I was like let me just go to other
agencies who haven't been destroyed by
an Instagram algorithm update and just
send cold emails for them and just take
a cut of whatever monetary flow occurs
between these two
parties I I I was charging retainers I
was able to pull it off because no one
else sold this um then that happened and
then so that was working I was like oh
well this this works people probably buy
a course on this then they make quo
Mastery and then they were buying a
bunch of software that I I was buy I
like let me just replicate the software
so it it was I've never sold
anything that did not already have an
existing indication that it was already
working right ever it's just just it's
just it's just dumb to do that so like
you with the AI stuff like what's
everyone doing to make money with AI
right now it's it's selling like either
how to make an AI automation
agency or just like courses in Ai and
[__] like how how to do copywriting with
with AI like like that that's what they
do like if if you're
confused about what you should do with
AI the answer is to just go find the
[__] richest people making content
right now about AI what does their offer
copy it that's it like actually just
[__] copy
it just find the two just find whatever
puzzle pieces are are are mixing
together right now and that's
it understood understood yeah it's so
easy dude it's like when you when you
get it you get it it's just like oh okay
great this is why this is why sometimes
people come up with something and it's
like well what if I did this and this
and this and and this and was like I
don't know bro like it sounds like a
good idea
but but you don't know for I don't I
don't see the puzzle piece I don't see
anyone
else see what I mean yeah yeah yeah yeah
I mean it also sounds simple when you're
saying I'm almost like [__] this is
pretty simple right so it just becomes
execution then after that right it yeah
it it it so totally is it it it's
difficult to describe how actually like
it's so simple it it just is
um sometimes an asteroid hits you and
you [__]
die um yeah what separates one from is
the new twist of fate Yep this all this
also it's also true all right I got to I
I got to move on camil if you getting
any value from this could you please do
two things for me could you like the
video share it maybe subscribe and if
you yourself are an agency owner or B2B
business and you're interested in being
on these calls in a community and
learning how to build your company up
and actually build acquisition processes
and systems and automations behind it to
actually scale it there's a link in the
description it's going to be the first
one client ascension. comom there's
going to be a video there talking about
our seven methods of client acquisition
watch that maybe it'll interest you
maybe you want to join client Ascension
either way I hope you're enjoying the
video subscribe I'll continue on now sir
how you doing how's it how you there man
good good so uh I do pay as as my D for
you
and we have some big brands that we've
got them some good results and I was
talking to you about doing the we place
a ugc Creator we do the ad angles and
stuff for the guys that want to do it
in-house now with my YouTube content do
I push the done for you first or do I
push the done with you one no you have
both you just have both like two links
yeah yeah I do that all the time okay so
just YouTube I have like [__] five
different offers in the
disc yeah it's fine okay I was thinking
I was thinking doing that but I thought
it might confuse people but I guess one
would be if you want us to do your ad
creatives click here if you want us to
build an in-house team click
there yeah yes okay cool that's
it the way you got to imagine that that
that's like a self that's like self
sorting everyone who wants you to build
the team is going to be larger anyone
who wants it completely 100% hands-off
done for you is going to be smaller
yeah I imagine so yeah the guys that won
the full cuz even in the sales schools
most people just go yeah I mean yeah
that's that's cool but can you just
teach us how to do it in house yeah four
times so I was like okay well might well
just make that un off for then yep yeah
that that that that's that's actually um
as as you sell to larger and larger
businesses the more they are inclined to
want things in house like that's that
that's the same as me too I don't I
don't really
like I don't I don't
like I I Outsource editing that's what I
do everything else is I don't like it to
be not in he like yeah some some brands
do both though so we work with Remington
the shaver brand and they have like
three agencies I work with and then they
have one in-house team yeah and they the
guy just says yeah the in-house team
does things really quick they want to
test the agencies have the better Talent
yeah thank you got you Dave what's up
brother
what up how you doing good sick
rant um all right two quick questions
for you maybe not so quick
but one will be vague and one will be
specific so I'm curious how do you think
about building lead magnets and what is
your thought process you know I hate to
say the word framework but like when
you're approaching like I got a client
or situation for list kit or one of
these [__] businesses how are you
thinking like how do I build something
that's free high value low cost to
implement I read the book you know Heros
book but like I'm was curious how you
think about it because it sounds good on
paper but I still find it hard to figure
out how to come up with something that's
cool enough other than some like really
[__] 15 page informational document
on like how to do
something um I
like what I've personally found so I
I've made a lot of lead magnets um so
like I've I've I've run cold traffic ads
to a lot of lead magnets right so like
Max difficulty um yeah so which ones
have actually converted and the only one
that has ever converted at all ever was
this one it was um it
was 10,000 cold emails per day case
study it was a case but it was a
personal case study it's like what
happens when you send 10,000 cold Emos
per day like how much business do you
generate um
yeah so but that was was that was an
interesting one because it was
um it booked a lot of calls it
did but most of the people who I don't I
don't know I I might actually be
speculating this I had an option for
someone to buy a premium version of it
they can get a paid version or a premium
version for
$28 and I've gone back and there's some
people who join cention who bought the
premium version of that I don't know it
it when I was running it I was r on
YouTube ad it did book a lot of calls it
did a lot but the problem was they
wanted a done for you offer as opposed
to a
coaching got it so so that was just so
that was just a case study lead magnet
yeah just even too
[Music]
fancy that that's that's always what
I've thought makes a lot more sense to
no this is interest I feel
like if you even listen to Heros I
listened to it on a podcast a really
long time ago and he talks about his
specific lead magnet that he
used that the like the one he used and
it was um um it was a case study it was
about how he fed his gym right and then
everything else was um he's got like
this I see they're doing one at Jim
watch is like the money models one but
and the the rest that seem to have
formed are book funnels paid book
funnels and then I I think they got like
a a free ebook one but the most reliable
form of one is always going to be a case
study yeah it's just just like 100% of
the time it's gonna be
um yeah or like okay so let me put for a
specific example I got a client who is a
chemical manufacturer
and they
make all sorts of random chemical
products like DF fluid motor oil [__]
windshield wiper oil fluid they do it
for like automotive industry Marine some
Home Care brand stuff like that but on
in short they're a us-based chemical
manufacturer and I'm trying to think of
like a good lead magnet to make for
them anything that comes to mind I mean
I I could do the case study of you know
how we shorten product time or increase
but I trying to think of something more
valuable I just don't think that's a
lead magnet
offer so like if if you were to maybe it
could be like what type of chemical
should you use for this specific
function you see what I mean like maybe
yeah I just think that's a direct like
do you need this unless unless unless
they have something unique about their
chemicals you know what I mean a demand
capture thing yeah yeah the the only
thing that's really unique about them is
they have like a really really short
time they're very quick and they have a
really good fillment process so their
whole thing is they deliver on time and
in full which means that their customers
don't get penalties from their customers
for you know leaving the shelves empty
and [__] like
that um have you tried just direct
marketing with this as opposed to using
lead magnet
yeah we just been so far we've just been
pitching it straight you know like and
doing like some problem sniffing like
you know hey you we're scraping their
websites finding the products that they
have like hey you know I saw you have
chemical product a b and c you know you
ever have a problem like with your
vendors not delivering on time and in
full you know if that's ever an issue
like please let us know we left the chat
it work something really basic like that
it's doing okay but it needs to be doing
better yeah I I mean you're the so the
thes might be wrong then like the thesis
is that the people's biggest issue is
that they they they have the supply
chain
problem you know what I mean yeah like
that that that that might be like such a
small Niche problem like I'll put it to
you like this this this happened to me
and you got to catch yourself when
you're doing this wrong so I we we have
sales type forms and we look at
um we all the sales people submitted
sales type on the other day they explain
what happened with every call they had
um and then there's one person who came
in I was reading through it and it was
like they're a b Toc
offer and I'm like oh [__] I gotta go
like make some drastic change to make
sure that like B Toc offers do not get
in here and I'm like wait calm down so
then I go and I look through all of
them and it's like it's it's not really
a huge problem it's not a lot of B Toc
people coming through it's it was just
like it happened to get one ret D you
yeah so like what I'm saying is that
it's easy like for your client they
might have told you this this this is
our unique thing why we're better than
everybody else
but the they unique thing is trying to
resolve an issue that isn't even much of
an issue at all it's kind of like saying
like it's
like
um I think I go what you mean though
it's like yeah they're saying that
that's what people want yeah they're
saying that that's what people want and
I'm taking it as gospel like oh that's
it said right in the Bible page straight
this yeah this just goes to the fact
that
like this client probably has no idea
what the [__] they're talking about like
the re they might they might have a
bunch of
clients for some completely other reason
you know what I mean like they might
think that their product is better than
everybody else's but it isn't it's just
only because they the only reason
anybody uses them at all is because they
rank number one for this search term or
some [__] you know what I mean like
that that you see what I mean yeah what
they're saying is just wrong so it's not
it's easy to say like oh I need to start
making a lead magnet
instead but that's not actually correct
it's just you should continue with
direct marketing but it should actually
be for the real reason people use that
company it's almost to the point where
it's you just go email some of their
clients if like or just like get like a
feedback form like hey we'll give you a
$50 gift card if you just like get on
this 15 minute call like why do you buy
from this
company like did you buy else before and
switch you see what you mean like what
is the actual reason because you bro
this happens all the time you discover
[__] where it's
like no one told me that you see what I
mean
like I I I I haven't done it for client
Ascension in a while because but I I I
remember I I was going through I think
it was um I think it was for client
Ascension and one of the reasons was
people had hired um ween agencies who
didn't get results and that was why they
wanted to themselves I like oh that's
interesting I would have been under the
impression that a lot of these people
didn't work with Le genen agencies
before that was like a very common I was
like oh that's I didn't even know you
just find [__] out that you that you
don't know and if you rely on a client
they definitely didn't do it and that's
actually if you read copywriting books
um like all the best copywriters of all
time they say that like 80% of
copywriting is literally just like
talking to the people like so like if
they if they if they spent a thousand
hours on a client project literally 800
of it was like in like going to the
homes of these people who are buying
these [__] mops and vacuums and [__]
like actually yeah actually what the
customer wants yeah like physically
walking into these people's homes and
like asking them
questions great Insight I'm gonna see if
he'll let me roll that out yeah or at
least speak to like one or two you know
yeah you'll know that [__] Works where
it's like oh this is doing [__] way
better you see what I mean like that's
yeah okay sick thank you sir appreciate
it